* **Professional Gantt charts for JavaFX 8 and 11+** - FlexGanttFX is a state-of-the art custom control for JavaFX 8 and utilizes the latest and greatest API that this platform has to offer.
* **Enterprise Resource Planning** - FlexGanttFX can be used to implement an add-on for your ERP system. Use it to visualize the allocation of company resources.
* **Manufacturing** - Use FlexGanttFX to visualize the information in your MES. Show or hide details depending on the level of detail you require.
* **Production Planning and Scheduling** - Advanced PPS systems require advanced visualization tailored to the scheduling domain. FlexGanttFX can be tailored to any domain.
* **Resource Scheduling** - Trains, planes, or trucks. Whatever you use for getting things from A to B can be visualized with FlexGanttFX.
* **Flexibility** - Different scheduling applications have different needs. They require different visualisations and different interactions. Whether your application needs to display one task per row or thousands of non-overlapping manufacturing activities on different lines within the same row, FlexGanttFX can render them all. And everything will look exactly as you want them to look like, due to FlexGanttFX's pluggable renderer architecture and the JavaFX canvas API.
* **Speed** - FlexGanttFX is a highly specialized custom control for visualizing activities on a timeline. The algorithms and data structures provided by FlexGanttFX are specialized for this task and guarantee very high performance and excellent response times. JavaFX support of a canvas API enables FlexGanttFX to bypass costly CSS operations. Smooth scrolling and navigation operations are still possible even when displaying 250,000 activities and more.
* **Elegance** - A lot of attention to detail has been given during the design of the API. FlexGanttFX follows the guidelines and principles of JavaFX 8. The Gantt chart control and its child controls all use skins to hide the implementation details. The controls only expose those methods that are required for customizing the control.